hi guys I'm Deepika and I'm gonna show
you how to get this beautiful double
winged liner look with the pop of color
if you perfected the winged liner you're
gonna really love this so let's get
started the step one is to line the top
of your eyelid with the liquid liner I'm
using this one from Stila they're sailed
a liquid liner I've tried a million
liquid liners out there and I swear by
this one it never dries out so I'm gonna
take the liquid liner and start at the
corner of my eye and draw it all the way
across and elongate the wing out and
don't worry if you kind of don't get
exactly on the lashline you can fill it
in always now that we have the top of
the eye done we're gonna move to the
bottom lashline so for this just to make
sure that both of the lines are parallel
to each other I'm gonna start on the
actual wing itself for the bottom to
make sure I don't close in my eye I'm
gonna stop the liquid liner halfway
between my eyeball instead of going all
the way to the end that really makes
sure that your eyes stay white I know it
looks a little crazy right now with this
gap in between the two liners but that
was totally on purpose because now we're
gonna move into filling it in with this
gorgeous blue liner from Marcel it's in
the shade Blue Lagoon it's gorgeous
I love aqua right now it's perfect for
summer so I'm gonna start by filling in
the aqua on my waterline all the way
across from one end of the eye to the
other and then move into filling in
between the two wings
to add even more drama to the look I
just put on some ICO fake lashes and
then I'm gonna go over those with this
benefit they're real mascara to really
add that bold effect I'm gonna put this
mascara on on both the bottom and top
lashes this is the final look I hope you
guys love it and if you want to learn
more tips and tricks be sure to
subscribe to Burge Fox's youtube channel
and my own personal YouTube channel all
the details are in the description below
I'll see you next time